Greetings, my name is Aaron Carlson and thank you for taking the time to learn a bit more about me. An entrepreneur at heart I strive to solve puzzles and problems that hold others back to help them reach their goals. I graduated from University of California, Riverside with a degree in Economics and started my working career with a company called Ryder Truck rental. During my employment there I had my first experiences with using technology to aid in the companies goals by creating a marketing plan for my location that specifically targeted studio and production companies by catering to their industry’s unique needs for set budgets for projects. I soon received employee of the year for the south west business unit for my creative plan that I implemented through email. I dove into the technology industry even more with my next following job. My first exposure to programming protocols was through water heater programming protocols called ModBus and bacnet. These protocols were used to daisy chain and pass requested information to all the water heaters in a system. Once the pandemic hit DCM services began closing down. This was the turning point for me as I began my plan for what to do next and the answer was clear that I wanted to become a software developer. 	 	After realizing my dream and goals were in the field of development I began to study independently. I began developing games using the unity engine and C# with Mono Behaviour framework. Through my rigorous studying I learned how to create 2d games and card games. I mastered programming using vector2 and vector, arrays and getter and setter functions in C#. To follow up I began learning blockchain development with the solidity language and coded the Fysh Rewards token on the Binance Smart Chain. With these successes I started applying for jobs with the software development field and was hired by Revature where I currently am today. I am far from done and will continue following my dream to become the best developer I can be. Thanks for taking the time to read this again. Contact me for any questions.
